[Hammering]
[Grunting]
Make yourself useful,
you dawdling dunces!
I'm out of supplies!
What's this?
A shopping list?
Three tons of extra large nails.
5,000 cans of Spit
'n' Sparkle varnish.
When you buy supplies,
you do not mess around!
But how can we get all of
that back from the store?
With a great degree of difficulty!
Now hunt down that
hardware, or else!
Yes, sir!
Aye-aye!
We'll both have
necklaces now, Mama!
Chao!
Huh?
Oh, hi, Emerl!
[Gasp]
Oh!
Wow! Are these for me, Emerl?
They're lovely! Thank you so much!
Aren't they beautiful, Mama?
They certainly are, Cream.
I wish Sonic would do that for me.
[Giggling]
[Grunting]
[Yelling]
[Struggling]
Miss Amy!
Hm?
Please don't swing that hammer.
Oh!
I almost had him, but thanks
to you, he got away.
Grr.
I beg your pardon,
but I believe you would have smashed
both the bug and the window.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it.
I just don't know what's
wrong with me, Mr. Tanaka.
[sigh]
Seems like I can't get anything
I want, especially Sonic.
My chocolate peanut butter pie.
It's warm, right from the oven.
Do not worry so, Miss Amy.
Try to cheer up.
Things will be much brighter
before you know it.
Just when it seems the
clouds will never pass,
the sun comes shining
through your window.
I hope you're right.
I won't think about him anymore!
[Gulp]
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
SCARLET: Yesterday, SSTV News
reported that the notorious
Dr. Eggman had escaped from jail
along with his two
mechanical henchmen.
Officials now believe that Eggman and
his robots are hiding underground,
plotting their next assault.
In an effort to undermine the plot,
the president has formulated a
plan that will involve Sonic,
Knuckles, and Rouge the Bat.
While information is sketchy,
it appears some sort of
tournament is in the works.
Luckily, I've been granted
an exclusive interview with
the participants to talk about
this exciting development.
Uh... well, it doesn't
appear that Sonic,
Knuckles, and Rouge are as excited
about this competition as
one might expect them to be.
Ah!
Maybe once we begin our interview,
they'll tell us why
they seem so glum.
Spread out!
Well, Topaz? Are they in or out?
Well, sir, they-
I don't know about
this plan of yours.
This tournament idea
sounds kind of screwy.
How about you?
I might consider helping you
out with this plan of yours.
But if I do, it's gonna cost you.
[Gasp]
What exactly does that mean?
Well, I do have a
weakness for jewelry.
I'll tell you what.
If you all agree to battle
in our tournament,
we'll offer a grand
prize to the winner.
Whoever wins the competition
gets a Chaos Emerald.
Huh?
Hmm?
Hmm!
You want me to waste my
time for one Chaos Emerald?
Sorry, but you can count me out.
Ah, could it be Gloomy Gus
over here is too chicken?
I bet he's afraid I might beat him.
Look here. I'm not
afraid of anybody.
Got that?
SCARLET: It's too bad.
It would have been such
an exciting tournament.
Oh, well. If he really doesn't
want to prove himself,
there's no use forcing him to.
I suppose not, Mr. President.
Hmm.
Our viewers will
be so disappointed.
Especially the millions of
rabid Knuckles fans out there.
Kids who just want a
glimpse of their hero.
Huh?
[Groan]
You don't want them to think
you're a big scaredy-cat, do you?
This will be the perfect way to
prove just how tough you are.
Unless, of course, you're
secretly a sniveling coward.
KNUCKLES: Aaaah!!
ALL: [Gasp]
That does it!
Nobody calls me a coward
and gets away with it!
I'll enter the competition
and win the Chaos Emerald!
That was easy.
[Everyone applauds]
Man, talk about being
a first-class sucker.
Grr.
I can't believe he bought
all that flattery.
He's a knucklehead.
Huh?
Just one little detail...
Do we have any Emeralds?
Mm-hmm.
This is Scarlet Garcia.
The president has just
announced that Sonic,
Knuckles, and Rouge the
Bat will take part in an
exciting martial arts tournament.
Mr. President, would you like to
say a few words to our viewers?
Here.
In addition, we would like to
open the tournament to anyone
who feels they'd
like to participate,
so sign up today.
Tell all your friends to
tell all their friends!
This competition promises to be
the most exciting event ever!
The grand prize is a
genuine Chaos Emerald.
So come on down if you think
you've got what it takes
to battle with the best.
Yaah!
Would you like to compete?
Operators are standing
by, so call today.
Uh... we'll be right back.
[grunt]
Chao chao!
Ha!
Think you're tough enough?
Well, what are you waiting for?
Huh?
Maybe you could win that
Chaos Emerald, Tiffany!
If I did, I'd turn it
into one awesome earring.
Huh?
Well, Chris, guess we'd better
call that number and enter.
But Tails, are you crazy?
Didn't you see that commercial?
You know you can't believe
everything you see on TV.
Hmm.
[Telephone rings]
Hello?
Yes, I'll put him
on, Mr. Thorndyke.
Here, Chris, your father.
He would like to speak with you.
Okay, thanks.
Hi, Dad. Yeah.
You're signing up
for the competition?
But how come?
You think you have a
good chance of winning?!
And you thought it might be
a lot of fun to enter me,
Amy, Tails, Mr. Tanaka,
Grandpa, and Ella, too?
Huh?
He wants me to battle?
[Everyone groans]
Listen, maybe we-
Uh, he hung up on me.
Well, I guess it's settled.
The martial arts
tournament planners
have just released the
official event schedule.
They've also begun announcing
who'll be competing.
Slots are filling up
fast, so call now.
We'll be right back after this.
And roll commercial.
I'm doing an infomercial.
This is gonna kill my credibility.
[All talking at once]
[Grunting]
Aah!!
[Blowing]
Grr!
Now, thanks to those
loitering layabouts,
my thumb is as flat as a flapjack!
How dare those two slowpokes
keep me waiting?
Bokkun, come here right away!
Here I am! What is it, Dr. Eggman?
Find those two tardy tin
cans and step on it!
Yes, sir, Doctor!
[Laughs]
[Crowd cheering]
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen,
to the first annual Chaos
Emerald Martial Arts Mash-up.
Today's participants will be competing
for this authentic Chaos Emerald!
Woah! [Crowd cheers]
Looks like a picture of my insides.
[Giggling]
The atmosphere here at the
stadium is absolutely electric,
and rumor has it, a special
surprise participant
is about to kick off this
martial arts challenge.
[Grunting]
This is a bad idea.
I may have a paunch,
but I have a punch
The crowd is cheering for
today's Master of Ceremonies,
the owner of diamond
stadium, Elmer Johnson.
Let's listen as he introduces
our first two competitors.
In this corner, the president!
[Cheering]
And his opponent in black
armor, the black knight!
[Cheering and jeering]
Are you sure you want to
do this, Mr. President?
No.
Let the Mash-up begin!
[Bell rings]
Grrrr!!!
Ah!
[Grunting]
[Laughing]
Oh, no!
Woah!
The black knight will
move to the second round.
The president's aide
threw in the towel.
Why'd you do that?
I think you've had more power
lunches than power punches.
[Crying]
Now, let's move on to our
next exciting match-up.
[Bell rings]
Look out!
It looks like one of these young
classmates is ready to rumble.
Huh?
Chris, what's the matter?
I'm sorry. I don't want to fight.
Yeah, but, Chris, we could
win that Chaos Emerald!
[Sobbing] I don't want to get hurt!
[Crying]
Look, take it easy.
We won't fight, okay?
I won't touch you. See?
I'm not even near you.
Perfect.
I gotcha!
[Shout]
No fair! That's fighting dirty!
Who cares? It worked,
didn't it? Ha!
SCARLET: From tears to
cheers in seconds flat,
young Christopher Thorndyke
wins the match!
[Upset cries]
Nice work, Chris.
Hi, Grandpa!
Hey, what's with
that weird bathrobe?
Ha ha!
Back in my day, I was known
as "Thorndyke the Throttler!"
[Laughing] Oh!
Grandpa, what's wrong?
[Sirens]
[Crying] Ow!
Ohh!
Professor Thorndyke has been forced
to withdraw from competition
due to a warm-up injury.
Therefore, the winner
by forfeit is Lucky.
[Beeping]
He won.
Lucky certainly is lucky, isn't he?
His name says it all.
Wish me luck, Decoe. I battle next.
Hey, so do I.
Oh!
Yeah! Bring it!
I will not hold back.
Neither will I.
Aah!
[sounds of fighting]
[Sirens]
Freeze! You're under arrest.
Surrender! You can't escape!
We've got you surrounded.
We're in trouble.
Quick, run for it!
Get 'em!
[Sirens]
Our next match pits Hawk
against everyone's favorite
high-flying fox, Tails.
[Bell rings]
Yeah, let's go!
Ready when you are.
[Martial arts yelling]
SCARLET: Hawk is on the offensive,
showering his opponent with lightning-fast
moves and fists of fury.
But Tails is keeping cool,
and letting his twin tails
take the punishment.
Aah!
Here comes the kicker.
[Gasp]
Looks like the tails
are ready to attack.
Those things don't scare me.
Huh?
I gotcha.
Oh, yeah?
Think again!
Woah!
Hawk has suffered
a dizzying defeat.
And I win!
Aw...
That was awesome!
They like me! They really like me!
Hi, there!
No way. They let you
enter this thing?
[Crying] What's wrong with me?
[Crying]
[Crowd murmurs]
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're great! I was joking.
Please don't cry, okay?
Sorry about this, folks.
He's just a little bit
nervous, that's all.
Totally not my fault.
Liar.
Grr...!
Oh!
What did you say?
Ah!
Nothing, nothing. Honest!
Ha!
[Scream]
SCARLET: And the winner
by a knockout is Amy!
I couldn't have done it without
the support of all my fans.
Hey, Amy!
We love you!
[Giggles] Thanks, everybody.
Right back at you!
Well, folks, thus ends the first
half of this exciting tournament.
We'll be taking a
short intermission.
[Children laughing]
Those loafing lunkheads!
Where could they be?
Just wait 'til I get
my hands on them!
Boy, Chris. I couldn't believe
that was you out there.
Why? Because I lied
and cheated a little?
So what? Is that so wrong?
Kinda.
It's just...
I'm always the good guy.
I just wanted to see what
it felt like to be bad.
It doesn't feel good.
[Chuckle]
You know?
Then don't do it again.
[Laughing]
Hm!
SCARLET: Welcome back!
We're ready to begin
the second round of the
first annual Chaos Emerald
Martial Arts Mash-up.
First up, it's tough-guy Knuckles
versus the mysterious black knight.
Grr.
Let's go, metal man.
[Laughing]
Oh, tough guy, eh?
We'll just see about that.
Aaaaah!
Don't hurt me, Knuckles!
Just let me win!
Please, I'm begging you!
Who are you, anyway?
It's me. [Grunt]
You're the black knight?
I need that Chaos Emerald.
I don't have any money.
Grr.
There's one thing I cannot stand...
a whiner!
Ahhh!
[Bell rings] The black
knight turned yellow,
so Knuckles wins the match.
DANNY: Hey, Chris!
Huh?
Danny!
I just wanted to
wish you good luck.
Thank you.
Huh?
Our next fighter is dropping in
just in time for the next match.
Dad?
Huh?
[Bell rings]
Well, son, if you want to
make it to the quarterfinals,
you'll have to beat
your old man first!
Let's go!
[Grimacing]
He'll have a hard time with Nelson.
I taught him everything he knows.
Ow! Ow ow ow! I give up! Ow!
Uncle! Uncle! Ow! Stop!
I guess talent must
skip a generation...
Let's see what ya got.
Okay.
[Sounds of fighting]
Uncle Sam, don't!
I can't go easy on him just
because he's your teacher!
I know. But they didn't
ring the starting bell yet!
Oh!
Oh, well!
I'm in a hurry anyway!
Saved by the bell!
Mr. Stewart is the winner!
And since both of the
robots are on the run,
Lucky wins again!
Lucky guy!
[Beeping]
[Bell rings]
Come on!
Hm...
[Gasp]
Is this... for me?
Yes. And so am I.
I'm... so happy!
Ella, what just happened?
It's very simple. You can
catch more flies with honey,
than you can with vinegar!
What does that mean?
You'll both understand when
you get a little older.
Now it's time for my match!
Emerl!
I know you can win!
But whatever happens, be
extra gentle with Ella, okay?
[Beeping]
Oh...
What's wrong with Emerl?
He doesn't know how he
can win if he's gentle.
Aw, that's terrible!
What should we do, Cheese?
Chao!
Ah! I have an idea!
I'll forfeit the match!
But... are you sure?
Sure, I'm sure!
After all, I've got dinner to make!
You're the best, Ella!
Chao chao chao chao!
[Bell rings]
Not exactly what I'd call
a challenge, but here goes.
[Grunting]
Oh, yeah?
Ha!
[Sounds of fighting]
This exciting grudge
match is up and running.
Or should I say flying?
You're not bad... for an amateur.
[Sounds of fighting]
Watch out, boy.
Uh... huh?
[Smooch] [Screams]
Well it looks like Rouge the Bat
sure gave Tails the kiss-off.
That makes her the
winner of this match!
Sorry to smooch and run,
but I've got to
touch-up my lipstick.
[Chuckling]
Ladies and gentlemen,
we're now down to the final
battle of the second round.
This next match-up promises to
be a real crowd-pleaser!
Let's see what happens!
I never wanted this to happen.
Just think!
Me against Sonic!
How can I do this?
How can I fight someone
I care for so much?
Sonic!
This won't work.
You gotta think of some way
to get her mad at me, Chris!
Don't look at me!
And I can tell he doesn't
want to fight with me either!
'Cause he cares!
Woah!
Chris, please! Help me out!
When she's acting like this,
nothing can get her mad!
Huh?
That's Sonic!
I'd better check this out.
Sonic, I understand...
Understand what?
Woah!
Say goodbye!
Woah! Huh?
Huh?
[Grunt]
Oh, Sonic. You really
do care about me!
Missed!
Where do you think you're going?
[Gasp]
Sonic...
Oh well...
At least now I know
how he feels about me.
[Sigh] More trouble with Eggman.
What a shocker, folks!
Our friend Sonic has
forfeited the match!
And that means we're
down to the final eight!
Who'll be the winner?
Tune in next time to find out!